We thank the referees for their helpful and constructive criticism. We have made modifications in response to the referees' comments which we hope have improved the manuscript to their satisfaction. We believe the paper has now been improved and we have been able to address the referees' concerns.

Referee 1.
We have replaced the graphs in figure 8 with a new strong scaling plot for MPI and OpenMP and added a paragaph to discuss it.
We addressed all the small typos and errors pointed out in the marked up version of the manuscript.

Referee 2.
We have added a roadmap to the introduction where we describe how the work so far has been mostly to support the scientific development. The separation of concerns allows this to be done independently of work on performance portability. So far we have introduced MPI and OpenMP. In the conclusion/disussion we note that OpenACC work for GPU is underdevelopment and that this can be done, critically without changing the science code. The discussion of GridTools, OCCA, Kokko, etc has been moved to the start of the section on PSyclone. We feel this is the most relevent place as some of the concepts required for discussion and comparison have then been introduced. We haved added to the discussion on scaling to point out that the algorithmic improvements anticipated from the new solver and the addition of more physical paramereterisation schemes will be necessary before meaningful performance measurements can be done. We feel strongly that whilst the work is far from complete, now is an appropriate time to publish as we can deomnsrate the software design of separation of concerns and code generation have enabled us to develop science code, which is then parallelised with different programming models, first MPI, then OpenMP. Moreover, we can demonstrate that scalablity is achieavable with this approach. We are convinced that the same will be true for other programming models such as OpenACC for GPUs and the work for this is underway.
We have made changes as requested to the detailed comments such as adding references, modifying, clarifying, sentences etc. We have replaced figure 8 and added a short discussion of the effect of OpenMP on scaling. We hope these changes meet with the referee's approval. 

Referee 3.
There are references for Gung Ho, but unfortunately there is no publication for PSyclone. The compututational requirements report, which was written for the phase 1 of Gung Ho review is only published on the Met Office web pages as a technical report. We have added a short discussion on why there is not yet a meaningful comparison between LFRic and UM, they are simply not the same thing yet. We have replaced figure 8 with a simpler strong scaling plot for MPI and OPenMP, which should clarify matters. We have hopefully addressed the minor modifications.